hey man come out come over here check
out what a batter in me Wow yeah we on
the same day got our names on Scott's
happy birthday to me all right birthday
14 a show last night against Bobby Roode
was the wing
can you do this one time bomb
right now we're wrapping things up it
was my birthday today almost social
media family definitely appreciate it in
love so one minute Chase's birthday ever
and if you don't know this is Chris
Coleman son and they came down and hung
out the BCR dome and he should everyone
in Swanton whisper in the wind and I was
halfway moved the big fan of Jeff so
school we got to hang out he had a good
birthday James's birthday yeah and I
finally got to meet Jeff Hardy face to
face all right - cool that person that
keep coming back I got a family to feed